Subject: Please read for RCC workshop tomorrow, "Analysis of Genetic
Data 1"

Thank you for registering for the RCC workshop, "Analysis of Genetic
Data 1: Inferring Population Structure." It is taking place tomorrow
afternoon (Tuesday, January 28), 2–5p in the Zar Room, which is in the
John Crerar Library.

Here are a few notes about participating in the workshop.

First, if you cannot attend, please cancel your registration on the
Eventbrite website. This will help me get a better sense of workshop
size.

This is a hands-on tutorial, so you will get the most benefit from the
tutorial if you bring your laptop and work through the examples
in-class. We will use the RCC cluster, "midway2", for all the
examples.

If you have an RCC account, please make sure you are able to log in to
midway2. Please refer to the instructions in the User Guide:
https://rcc.uchicago.edu/docs/connecting

If you do not have an RCC account, I will provide you with guest
access. To use the guest account, your laptop will need: (1) a USB-A
port, or that an adapter for USB-A—the newer USB ports are smaller
than USB-A, so require an adapter; (2) an SSH client, preferrably
MobaXterm (if you have macOS or Linux, most likely you already have
SSH). For further details, see
https://rcc.uchicago.edu/docs/connecting.

At the beginning of the workshop, I will provide you with additional
setup instructions.

Thank you,

Peter Carbonetto
Computational Scientist, Statistics & Genetics,
Research Computing Center & Dept. of Human Genetics
University of Chicago
